All right, so that winds up being the end
of the course here at this point in time.
We have built a two page website
that we set out to create.
We made our homepage,
we made a very complex layout.
We have our About page which is
actually a subset of that layout.
We've gone through and
tested everything, and
made sure that our links
are going together correctly.
That we are being skipped down
the page appropriately, or
shifted to another page
appropriately on the website.
And you will find here that in the
instructions for chapter seven, I've given
you some additional options that you can
add to the site at this point in time.
You can add hamburger buttons and
drop-down menus and additional projects
and all kinds of other things if you wanna
continue building this particular website.
If you're looking for
some next steps for this course,
the next thing I would recommend for
you to work on would be my flexbox and
grid course here at Frontend Masters.
That is going to teach you more about the
layouts in much more detail than I've gone
through here.
So here you got a little tiny little
baby introduction to some of those
technologies.
That course will take you into flexbox and
grid very deeply.
And will teach you lots and
lots of different tricks and tips for
working with CSS layouts, and really
build your skills and your confidence.
So thank you all so much for watching.
I really appreciate it.
I hope you enjoyed today's work.
And I hope to see you in the future
at another Frontend Masters course.
Thanks so much.